All right, if you made it this far, congratulations.
The good news is, what we've gone through to this point
is the densest of what you'll see throughout this lesson.
Throughout the rest of the lesson,
we'll focus on the tooling available in the space that helps ensure secure contracts.
To start, we'll look back at the solidity documentation and the consensus documentation,
then, head over to some specific tools you might find interesting.
Over in the solidity documentation,
you'll find a list of tools grouped into static analysis,
test coverage and Lintors.
For each of them, you'll see a quick description with a link to more documentation.
It's hard to know the details of each of them,
but I'd recommend at least skimming them for now to open up
your awareness about what's going on with each of these tools.
Some of them are doing really interesting things to help the blockchain space.
For example, the Oriente tool has written an entire paper on security vulnerabilities.
If you click on it, you'll notice that you already know this paper.
It's the Making Smart Contracts Smarter paper from the last section.
To start, I recommend going in and installing one of the linters for your editor.
This really help when coding locally to check that you're
avoiding common errors and following basic design guidelines.
Over on the consensus security tools page,
you'll see another set of tools including a decent amount of duplicate material.
For example, the linters shown here are the same.
Manticore is the same.
Solidity coverage is the same, as well as some others.
One tip I use is that while it helps to at least glance at every tool you can find,
the ones that start appearing in more places are
the ones that have a little more popularity in the industry.
Seeing stuff linked in many places is usually
a good signal that is worth reading into a little further.
So, these are good aggregated list of tools,
but I did want to mention one more tool again specifically.
Mocha is a huge help for developing secure smart contracts.
It's not listed probably because it's for testing rather than security,
but a big part of making a secure contract is making a well-tested contract.
Testing with Mocha is something you'll develop a love-hate relationship with.
My hope is that you love it more than hate it,
because as much as any tool I've been showing you,
testing early and often is
an extremely important way to ensure the security of your contract.
You've gone through testing with Mocha earlier in the program,
so I won't dive into the details here.
This is just a reminder to keep on testing and learn to love Mocha.
That wraps up this intro to places you can find some of
the latest tools and want to help improve the security of your contracts.
Like I mentioned, I recommend at least testing out
the linter to help avoid common errors with your code.
I used [inaudible] which works well for me while programming Visual Studio Code.